Ambiguity fixed. [API-1511] (#1142)
hazelcast/hazelcast-cpp-client: Reference_Manual.md

cmake .. -DWITH_OPENSSL=ON -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=OFF
```

> Note that, if you want to use the `hazelcast-cpp-client` library with `-DWITH_OPENSSL=ON` option without `find_package()` then you need to define `HZ_BUILD_WITH_SSL` symbolic constant before including any `hazelcast-cpp-client` header. Those symbolic constants can be defined via compiler options or can be passed directly through cmake as `-DVARIABLE=VALUE` pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, if you want to use the `hazelcast-cpp-client` library with `-DWITH_OPENSSL=ON` option without `find_package()` then you need to define `HZ_BUILD_WITH_SSL` symbolic constant before including any `hazelcast-cpp-client` header. This symbolic constant can be defined via compiler options or can be passed directly through cmake command as `-D_VARIABLE_=_VALUE_` pairs.
```

Author: Fixed.
